--- WHAT IS THIS? ---

Frivolity is a free, Perl-based reference implementation of the Volity
platform for Internet-based game play. It is released under the LGPL
open-source license. (See the accompanying LICENSE file.)

Volity is a complex platform, but I've endeavored to make it easy to
get started creating games through the embedded perldocs. After
installing, "perldoc Volity" to get started.

Further reading, including more general information about what Volity
is and how it works, may be found on the Volity Developers' Site:
http://www.volity.org

See especially the Wiki.

--- PREREQUISITES ---

Frivolity requires several Perl modules to work; the Makefile.PL
checks for their presence on your system. All are available from CPAN.

Note that we include our own forks of POE::Filter::XML::Node and
POE::Component::Jabber::Client::Legacy, which repair errors found
with the versions of those (otherwise just fine) modules as found on
CPAN.

--- INSTALLATION ---

The usual incantation should suffice:

 perl Makefile.PL
 make
 make test
 sudo make install

You may also need to patch your machine's copy of POE::Filter::XML, as
detailed under PREREQUISTES above.

It will, by default, install several Perl modules into your site-perl
location under the Volity namespace, and place a server script
(volityd) in /usr/local/volity/bin. If these locations do not suit
you, edit Makefile.PL appropriately. (See the ExtUtils::MakeMaker
manpage for instructions on modifying this file.)

You'll note there's not much in the way of testing now... it just
makes sure everything compiles. We hope to add some nice test suites
in the future.

--- RUNNING YOUR FIRST PARLOR  ---

While no automated testing exists yet, you can manually test your
installation by attempting to set up a game parlor that runs Tic Tac
Toe. The examples/ directory contains a configuration file that you
can modify with a valid Jabber ID and password for your test to
use. (If you already have a Jabber login from any source, you can just
plug it in here.)

--- CONTACT ---

Please send all questions, comments, bug reports, etc. to Jason
McIntosh <jmac@jmac.org>.

For community discussion about these modules, see the volity-devel
mailing list:
<http://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/volity-devel>. Its
archives are on the Web, and offers open subscription to all.
